[Workers] Added a section about using workers to purge (#6155)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/learning/how-the-cache-works.md

---

### Using Workers to purge

> When using single-file purge to purge assets cached by a workers fetch, be aware not to purge the end user url instead of the url that is in the fetch. For example, if you have a worker that runs on `https://example.com/hello` and this worker makes a `fetch` request to `https://notexample.com/hello`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using single-file purge to purge assets cached by a Workers fetch, be aware not to purge the end user URL instead of the URL that is in the fetch. For example, if you have a Worker that runs on `https://example.com/hello` and this Worker makes a `fetch` request to `https://notexample.com/hello`.
```

Reviewer: I'm didn't understand this. It almost looks like there's something missing in the end of the sentence.

> When using single-file purge to purge assets cached by a Workers fetch, be aware not to purge the end user URL instead of the URL that is in the fetch. For example, if you have a Worker that runs on `https://example.com/hello` and this Worker makes a `fetch` request to `https://notexample.com/hello`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using single-file purge to purge assets cached by a Worker, make sure not to purge the end user URL. Instead, purge the URL that is in the `fetch` request. For example, you have a Worker that runs on `https://example.com/hello` and this Worker makes a `fetch` request to `https://notexample.com/hello`.
```

> As far as cache is concerned, the asset in the fetch is the asset that is cached which is `https://notexample.com/hello`, so if you would like to purge it, you need to purge `https://notexample.com/hello`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As far as cache is concerned, the asset in the fetch is the asset that is cached which is `https://notexample.com/hello`. So, if you would like to purge it, you need to purge `https://notexample.com/hello`. 
```

Reviewer: Breaking up long sentence

> As far as cache is concerned, the asset in the fetch is the asset that is cached which is `https://notexample.com/hello`. So, if you would like to purge it, you need to purge `https://notexample.com/hello`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As far as cache is concerned, the asset in the `fetch` request (`https://notexample.com/hello`) is the asset that is cached (`https://notexample.com/hello`). To purge it, you need to purge `https://notexample.com/hello`. 
```

> Purging the end user url, `https://example.com/hello`, will not work since that is not the url that cache sees. You need to confirm in your worker, which url you are actually fetching, so you can purge the correct asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Purging the end user URL, `https://example.com/hello`, will not work since that is not the URL that cache sees. You need to confirm in your worker which URL you are actually fetching, so you can purge the correct asset.
```

> Purging the end user URL, `https://example.com/hello`, will not work since that is not the URL that cache sees. You need to confirm in your worker which URL you are actually fetching, so you can purge the correct asset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Purging the end user URL, `https://example.com/hello`, will not work because that is not the URL that cache sees. You need to confirm in your Worker which URL you are actually fetching, so you can purge the correct asset.
```

Purging the end user URL, `https://example.com/hello`, will not work because that is not the URL that cache sees. You need to confirm in your Worker which URL you are actually fetching, so you can purge the correct asset.

> In the previously explained example, `https://notexample.com/hello` is not proxied through Cloudflare. If `https://notexample.com/hello` was proxied through Cloudflare (also known as orange clouded), there would be two caveats:
>  
> - If `notexample.com/hello` is not owned by the account, then you cannot purge the asset.
> - If `notexample.com/hello` is not a cacheable asset for `notexample.com`, then you cannot purge the asset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the previous example, `https://notexample.com/hello` is not proxied through Cloudflare. If `https://notexample.com/hello` was proxied (orange-clouded) through Cloudflare, there would be two caveats:
 
- If `notexample.com/hello` is not owned by the account, then you cannot purge the asset.
- If `notexample.com/hello` is not a cacheable asset for `notexample.com`, then you cannot purge the asset.
```
